my travel insurance is important is it
equally important for domestic trips as
well travel insurance is your emergency
plan in case some budget sea crops up in
your travel plan whether it's
international or domestic you need to be
equipped with emerges Italy emergency
had leaked situations whether it's you
know delayed flights or some medical
emergency or some other the exigencies
like loss of passport or various other
financial issues which crop up with your
traveling abroad and hence travel
insurance is becoming an important part
of the travel itinerary itself you
cannot go on a travel without having
travel insurance it's places what we are
really propagating to all our customers
and saying that you travel it in
insurance is as important as packing
your bag for travel as far as domestic
travel is it said I think the risks are
really the same except for maybe the
loss of passport or being in a foreign
land but you could still you know
suffered a medical emergency where you
would need with evacuation you could
have sub bus little bit of baggage
delays or let's say you know curve will
also baggage or you could be really
stranded with your wallet being stolen
so many sudden emergencies which are
associated with travel and of course
they could be have medical emergencies
connected to accidents so all in all I
think travel insurance is an important
part of the kit for both international
ad domestic travel and one bust make it
compulsory item to be you know take it
for any travel the level of awareness
was not very good to start with earlier
people discounted the
emergency's or the risk associated with
travel earlier especially when it came
to international travel and the huge
risk associated with medical emergencies
abroad when it could cost a lot of body
having said that nowadays we see a
decreasing you know up taken by a bit of
travel insurance both due to the rising
level of awareness of what travel
emergencies could be like and also the
fact that you know insurance companies
have been propagating travel insurance
very widely and people have realized
that this needs to be the Bureau of
essential part of the travel kit because
it's cheaper it comes for only for the
duration of the travel travel insurance
Bureau as an earlier you know provides
for both medical and or medical
emergencies it's added countries of
course it's mandatory but where it is
not mandatory you would need travel
insurance to not only cover the
non-medical emergencies like flight
delay trip cancellation you baggage laws
passport laws so on so forth but it also
leaves for medical emergencies or could
be some accident where you need
evacuation for all of this if you do not
have a travel cover of a survey
sufficient the scale you could be caught
in that foreign land with a lot of
expenses
which could be unforeseen or it could be
you could be the situation where you
could be facing liability of various
other risks associated with travel so
heads having travel insurance you have a
companion who's below will see you're
looking at your back end you know rescue
you when there is anybody see the
foreign travel of course the first of
the most important thing is to look at
help you know cover for traveling sure
if you have it you know that's the best
thing to have because you know when you
travel abroad the healthy budget see
could be punitive in terms of medical
costs having said that you need to look
at the kind of cover where
this worldwide also a belief for us or
and as also for the limit of coverage
and in terms of what gets covered and
what doesn't get covered typically a
travel plan will always look for
covering health emergencies and
associated costs therein including
evacuation it should you need evacuation
back to the country of origin apart from
that you have certain very good covers
which are related to the dog medical
section could be loss of passport
baggage delay but still liability you
know and as also you know compensation
for various and - and incidents which
take place during travel insurance
policy I did I say law travel insurance
policy is a very comprehensive policy it
takes care of your travel needs both
internationally as well as domestic you
know but of course you know you need to
buy four different sectors differently
but if you are already - - till you know
travel thing with a tag a bit of medical
or medical covers are available with a
very strong backup on the service side
it to affect the promises which are the
covers which are there in the you know
in the travel insurance plan like you
know evacuation during medical emergency
will support during accidents they could
be issues like repatriation of bottle
rebates you know that is required and
you know various other billable you know
our medical you know expenses would get
covered like you know passport loss or
errant flights or suppose the person
liability arising out of the risks of
travel also the domestic fraud there is
also a copy of coverage they are the
body cases are endeavour has been to
simplify the use of simplify the use of
taking discover in terms of you you
should it should be very simple to take
and you should be able to you know take
it but mostly are like you know even
just before the travel starts that's the
way we have designed our travel cover
you you should be able to take it for
the duration of travel just before you
travel